from the Indiana university-purdue
University Sports Complex
u.s. soccer presents the Dallas burn in
DC United the US Open Cup final let's
lay together feedings but hold
everything they've waived it off and
Tony sauna is deemed offside as
etcheverry knocks it in here it is again
look at this board on occasion tonight
for Dallas
damiana
his tackle betcha very low
Reyna just got a piece of it and read
we'll play overtime as you look at Jason
Kreis and the Dallas burn bench bundled
up temperatures dipping into the upper
30s rules are very simple
to 15-minute over times Golden Goal rule
in effect the second consecutive year
opportunity for DC United the shots at
take a look at ste azar see the great
little touch out wide here to number
eight for DC Brian can learn Kevlar
nearly ends this thing then opportunity
in the worst 30 seconds
like this one
standing
ball knocked away by Gauri looked it
now let's burn again denies for the
second time by the woodwork on the Wade
Weber header there have expired we will
now go to penalty kicks and it will
ultimately be penalty kicks that
determine who takes home the doer
trophies along his line he scars boy
Alvarez with power and accuracy and
tremendous confidence and here we go he
scores
Pecha berry makes it water on penalties
Grice scores it's tuna
signing even the score the shoddy fired
Rosie as our say put it over the bar
opportunity here the Chateau girl
arrived sooner marina
piece goes it's three to two
he scars it is 4 2 2 and this is the
critical opportunity for DC United he
stars
Dennis has captured the u.s. buckle
by his teammates by his fans
the El Salvadorian whimsy for the Dallas
burn and mark time